[EuiCollapsedNavButton][a11y] Update `aria-label` for enhanced screen reader navigation (#7740)
elastic/eui: changelogs/upcoming/7740.md

**Bug fixes**

> - [EuiCollapsedNavButton][a11y] Update aria-label for enhanced screen reader navigation

Reviewer: I personally wouldn't declare this as Bugfix, it wasn't broken, it's an improvement 🙂 

```suggestion
- Added `aria-label` `EuiCollapsedNavButton` to improve context for screen reader navigation
```

> **Bug fixes**
> 
> - [EuiCollapsedNavButton][a11y] Update aria-label for enhanced screen reader navigation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Accessibility**

- Updated `EuiCollapsedNavButton` with improved context for screen reader navigation
```
